[Security] Add a normalization step for the user-identifier in firewalls (#51744)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Security/Http/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.1
---

>  * Add argument `$identifierNormalizer` to `UseBadge::__construct()` to allow normalizing the username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add argument `$identifierNormalizer` to `UserBadge::__construct()` to allow normalizing the identifier
```

Author: Many thanks!
